Add support for SSL (#69)
embulk/embulk-input-mongodb: README.md

    - **user**: (string, optional)
    - **password**:  (string, optional)
    - **database**:  (string, required)
    - **tls_enable**: enable/disable tls (boolean, optional, default false)

>     - **tls_insecure**: enable/disable certificate and host validation (boolean, optional, default false)

Reviewer: @legiangthanh Have you confirmed similar option names of other plugins (especially OSS plugins under https://github.com/embulk/)?  We should have consistent names with other plugins as far as possible.

* I know there already are some variations, but I have never seen `tls_enable`.
* `ftp` and JDBC plugins use just `ssl`.
* "SSL" is deprecated in general, so `tls` could be reasonable.
* `ftp` has `ssl_verify`, which seems similar (but opposite) to `tls_insecure`?

Author: @dmikurube , 
```
I know there already are some variations, but I have never seen tls_enable.
ftp and JDBC plugins use just ssl.
"SSL" is deprecated in general, so tls could be reasonable.
```
Sorry, I don't notice option names of other plugins, I will change it to ssl.

`ftp has ssl_verify, which seems similar (but opposite) to tls_insecure?`
This option is similar option supported by mongo command, please refer https://www.mongodb.com/docs/manual/reference/connection-string/#mongodb-urioption-urioption.tlsInsecure

Reviewer: As I mentioned, `ssl` -> `tls` could be reasonable in this age. But `_enable` has not been common for other plugins.

> This option is similar option supported by mongo command, please refer
> https://www.mongodb.com/docs/manual/reference/connection-string/#mongodb-urioption-urioption.tlsInsecure

Got it... that is a point of design choice. Then `tls_insecure` sounds reasonable, but nice to explain it ("the same with `mongo` command") both in `README` and `PluginType`.

>     - **tls**: enable/disable tls (boolean, optional, default false)
>     - **tls_insecure**: enable/disable certificate and host validation (boolean, optional, default false), this option similar to option supported by mongo command (https://www.mongodb.com/docs/manual/reference/connection-string/#mongodb-urioption-urioption.tlsInsecure)

Reviewer: Some updates on the English statement.

```suggestion
    - **tls**: `true` to use TLS to connect to the host (boolean, optional, default: `false`)
    - **tls_insecure**: `true` to disable various certificate validations (boolean, optional, default: `false`)
      - The option is similar to an option of the official `mongo` command.
      - See also: https://www.mongodb.com/docs/manual/reference/connection-string/#mongodb-urioption-urioption.tlsInsecure
```

When users see "enable/disable tls", they are not sure `true` to enable or `true` to disable. 

Even if the think `true` for the former (`enable`) for this, "enable/disable certificate and host validation" is the opposite. It's `true` for the latter (`disable`).

It's so much confusing for users. A general documenting technique for `boolean` values is to explain like :
- "`true` if ..." or
- "`true` to ...".
